Graph types as direct PR (#1406)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/schema/graph-types/set-graph-types.adoc

:description: Information about setting an open schema in Neo4j using graph types.

> :page-role: cypher-25-only new-neo4j-2025.xx enterprise-edition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:page-role: cypher-25-only new-neo4j-2026.02 enterprise-edition
```

Properties specified in a `REQUIRE` clause are not required to exist on the node or relationship element types to which the constraint applies.
For example, the following is a valid element type key constraint defined against a node element type: `(n:Label \=> {property1 :: STRING, property2 :: INTEGER}) REQUIRE (n.property3, n.property4) IS KEY`.

> The `REQUIRE` keyword can also be used as an alternaConstraints on nontive syntax to define several property uniqueness and key constraints within the same node or relationship element type.

Reviewer: not sure where you wanted to write `Constraints on non...` but I don't think it was here XD
```suggestion
The `REQUIRE` keyword can also be used as an alternative syntax to define several property uniqueness and key constraints within the same node or relationship element type.
```
